# Programmer Interview Study
#### Video Demo: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RB6xuGf8QeY
#### Description:
For my final project for CS50 I decided to create a site that users can use to help prepare them for their next coding-related interview. Users can press the "get question" button to get a question related to coding/programming. These questions are particular ones that are often asked in coding interviews. When the user wants to see the answer, they can press the "get answer" button for it to be revealed. This way, the site sort of acts in the same way that flashcards do.

I decided to do this as my final project as it allowed me to practice and expand my knowledge of writing code using the languages JavaScript, HTML, and CSS.
Before this project, I did not feel very comfortable with these three languages as we had only worked with them a bit at the end of CS50. In addition, most of the time that I was doing assignments with them, a lot of the hard work had already been done, so I didn't feel like I could stand on my own two feet with these languages at this point. When I was thinking of doing a final project, I thought a lot about making an app with swift, but instead opted to build on my knowledge of CSS, JS, and HTML, rather than learn something completely new. 

When I started working on the project, I planned to make a more dynamic site, where there would be leaderboards and other cool features (it was going to be more of a game at this point rather than a study tool). But as I went down the rabbit hole of making a site like this, I realized that it was going to take a lot more time than anticipated if I was to do it like this. So I changed the plan to make it more of a study tool. This path that I started down was not a complete waste of time as I learned Git, GitHub hosting with GitHub Pages, and learned a little about hosting with Google Firebase before changing the direction of the project.

Because I made the site without the use of databases, all the questions and answers used were instead stored in arrays in JavaScript. As I learn more about coding, more questions will be added to the study tool. By doing the project this way I was able to practice using these coding languages, I learned more about making a website and learned more coding concepts which I had to learn to make questions about.

Overall, I am proud of what I was able to create, and I learned a lot from this project and the class as a whole.